Improve Documentation (#339)
hivemq/mqtt-cli: docs/_docs/shell/connect.md

***

> Connect a client which is identified by myClient on specific settings and disconnect it afterward

Reviewer: I'd stick with afterwards, but both seem correct

Author: Yeah also way more natural to me, but since all of our documentation is written in AE and IntelliJ also suggests using it, I changed it.

```
mqtt> con -i myClient -h broker.hivemq.com -V 3
myClient@localhost> exit  # client is still connected
mqtt> dis -i myClient -h broker.hivemq.com
```

> **NOTE**: Besides the **identifier** also **hostname** has to be given to uniquely identify the client.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**NOTE**: When specifying the **identifier** to uniquely identify the client, the **hostname** must also be provided.
If you don't specify both, the default settings for these attributes will be used, which may lead to unexpected behavior.
```
